README.md, before:

# Welcome to MaNGOSWebV4
This is another continuation of the MaNGOSWebV3 which was abandoned in 2011.  All original credit goes to the previous developers.

You can view a live copy of the latest version used for testing by visiting **www.mistvale.com**.

##Features
 - Support for Mangos Based Cores (Trinity, Darkice)
 - Full template system allowing any layout, including non-blizzlike templates
 - New SDL idea makes any emulator / patch combo possible with even the newest updates of v3
 - SDL backend allows most task to be done without direct database access. Allows modules that you make to be cross-emu support, without coding for it.
 - Easily manage user accounts
 - Edit site configuration settings right in the Admin Control Panel (ACP)
 - Frontpage links, vote sites, shop items, and languages are all managed in the ACP
 - Tons of character tools including name change, re-customization, level adjuster and more
 - New updates? No Problem! Update the CMS right from the ACP with the new Remote Updater
 - Module system
 - Unlimited amount of realms supported
 - Users can manage there accounts with ease
 - Password recovery system using the secret question system
 - Account registration features such as "Invite Only", and "Account Activation"
 - fully Re-written and tested donation system
 - Web point system - Earn points for donating and voting
 - Shop system for users to spend their Web Points
 - Much Much More!

Commit message:

update to mangoswebv5 fixed account restore, working donation and paypal system

README.md, after:

# Welcome to MaNGOSWebV5
This is another continuation of the MaNGOSWebV3 which was abandoned in 2011.  All original credit goes to the previous developers.

You can view a live copy of the latest version used for testing by visiting **www.mistvale.com**.

##Features
 - Support for Mangos Based Cores (Trinity, Darkice, Azerothcore)
 - Full template system allowing any layout, including non-blizzlike templates
 - New SDL idea makes any emulator / patch combo possible with even the newest updates of v3
 - SDL backend allows most task to be done without direct database access. Allows modules that you make to be cross-emu support, without coding for it.
 - Easily manage user accounts
 - Edit site configuration settings right in the Admin Control Panel (ACP)
 - Frontpage links, vote sites, shop items, and languages are all managed in the ACP
 - Tons of character tools including name change, re-customization, level adjuster and more
 - New updates? No Problem! Update the CMS right from the ACP with the new Remote Updater
 - Module system
 - Unlimited amount of realms supported
 - Users can manage there accounts with ease
 - Password recovery system using the secret question system
 - Account registration features such as "Invite Only", and "Account Activation"
 - fully Re-written and tested donation system WORKING
 - Web point system - Earn points for donating and voting
 - Shop system for users to spend their Web Points
 - Account restore is working
 - Much Much More!
